Communication Examples (#2856)
yewstack/yew: examples/communication/grandchild_to_grandparent/README.md

# Grandchild-to-Grandparent Example

> A simple example of updating a grandparent component from two children using a callback passed down through a shared state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple example of updating a grandparent component from two children using a callback passed down using the context API.
```
